Respected Sir,

This is to bring your notice about the serious concern regarding distribution of Aasara pension at Don Bosco Post office,Bandlaguda Jagir.
The recipients are facing enormous difficulties while receiving the pension from this post office.  

Please find the difficulties faced by people while receiving the Aasara pension.

1. There are more than 3000 people receiving pension at this post office.     

2. The Beneficiaries includes Disabled persons, old age persons ( 57 years - 85 years ), Widow, Single Female, Filaria patients, Hiv Patients, Beedi labourer and weavers.

3. People are coming from different parts of city and different constituencies like Budvel,Rajender nagar,Kishanbagh, Shivrampally, Chandrnayangutta, Bandlaguda Jagir, Bandlaguda(old city), Shastri puram, Mailardevpally, Aaramgarh etc.

4. Some people have to travel around 15km to 20km to reach Donbosco post office to collect their pension.

5. The post office is very small of dimension 8X8 feet and which is used by post office staff only.

6. The temporary distribution of pension is set up outside the post office on main road.

7. People start forming Queue from morning 5.00 AM onwards till 1.00 PM wherein the distribution of pension starts from 10.00 AM onwards only.

9. Senior citizens are forced to sit on road side or stand in queue for long hours in soaring hot temperature.

10. There is no provision of toilets and drinking water at the location.

11. Some people who are coming from far places, they have to arrange their own transport like Autos and RTC buses, in which they have to spend around Rs.100 to Rs.400.

12. Many people who are coming for pensions are suffering from Diabetes, High Blood sugar, kidney ailments and other diseases.

13. There is no proper communication date for pension distribution, so people in advance they come to collect the pension without knowing the actual date.

14. There will be issues with the finger print machine like server failure or shortage of Money wherein the pensioners are called again on another day to collect the amount.

15. The Pension amount is Rs.2016 for senior citizen, since there will be no exact change in post office, Rs.16 is not given to the pensioner.

16. On a regular day of pension we have 400 people standing in a line which is causing traffic issue.

17. The post office staff is rude with pensioners,they do not talk in a proper manner and also pass books are not issued to the pensioners,they have to carry small diary for records.

 Looking at the various difficulties faced by senior citizens and ladies, i request you to make provision of depositing pension amount directly to the pensioner account like it is done in GHMC areas. Kindly consider this request on priority basis which will help many elderly people to overcome the challenges while receiving the pensions personally.

Regards,
Sravanthi Nagula
Ward 19 Corporator
BJMC 

																				